Various improvements to the Getting Started page (#50878)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/walkthrough.rst

    api/index

Ray Core is a powerful distributed computing framework that provides a small set of essential primitives (tasks, actors, and objects) for building and scaling distributed applications.
This walk-through introduces you to these core concepts with simple examples that demonstrate how to transform your Python functions and classes into distributed Ray tasks and actors, and how to work effectively with Ray objects.

.. note::

    Ray has introduced an experimental API for high-performance workloads that's
    especially well suited for applications using multiple GPUs.
    See :ref:`Ray Compiled Graph <ray-compiled-graph>` for more details.
    

Getting Started
---------------

> To get started, install Ray using ``pip install -U ray``. For additional installation options, refer to :ref:`Installing Ray <installation>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, install Ray using ``pip install -U ray``. For additional installation options, see :ref:`Installing Ray <installation>`.
```

Calling an Actor
----------------

While tasks are stateless, Ray actors allow you to create stateful workers that maintain their internal state between method calls. 
When you instantiate a Ray actor:

1. Ray starts a dedicated worker process somewhere in your cluster
2. The actor's methods run on that specific worker and can access and modify its state
3. The actor executes method calls serially in the order it receives them, preserving consistency

Here's a simple Counter example:

.. literalinclude:: doc_code/getting_started.py
    :language: python
    :start-after: __calling_actor_start__
    :end-before: __calling_actor_end__

> The preceding example demonstrates basic actor usage. For a more comprehensive example that combines both tasks and actors, check out the :ref:`Monte Carlo Pi estimation example <monte-carlo-pi>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding example demonstrates basic actor usage. For a more comprehensive example that combines both tasks and actors, see the :ref:`Monte Carlo Pi estimation example <monte-carlo-pi>`.
```
